docs: first pass to show which feature are coming and going (#2868)
conan-io/docs: creating_packages/getting_started.rst

    It is not strictly required by Conan to create packages, you can use
    other build systems (as VS, Meson, Autotools and even your own) to do that, without any dependency
    to CMake.

>     Some of the features used in this section are **under development**, like ``CMakeToolchain`` or ``cmake_layout()``,

Author: The full text is...

> Some of the features used in this section are **under development**, like ``CMakeToolchain`` or ``cmake_layout()``,
>    and they might change in future releases as we finalize the *Conan 2.0 release*.

🤔 I thought I captured that well but if you have any other suggestions or tweaks 

Maybe this?

```suggestion
    Some of the features used in this section have reached **development stability** (they may see bug-fixes but are unlike to break),
    like ``CMakeToolchain`` or ``cmake_layout()``,
```

>     Some of the features used in this section are **under development**, like ``CMakeToolchain`` or ``cmake_layout()``,

Reviewer: Something like this?

Some of the features used in this section, like CMakeToolchain or cmake_layout(), are still under development, while they are recommended and usable and we will try not to break them in future releases, some breaking changes might still happen if necessary to prepare for the Conan 2.0 release.

Wdyt?

>     Some of the features used in this section are **under development**, like ``CMakeToolchain`` or ``cmake_layout()``,

Author: Sure! More words == more clear 🤞

>     Some of the features used in this section are **under development**, like ``CMakeToolchain`` or ``cmake_layout()``,

Author: done in https://github.com/conan-io/docs/pull/2868/commits/18b2b1feea9c72794e79e914444e5db8d8d6d0c9
